THIS PROGRAM IS LOOSELY BASED
ON ACTUAL EVENTS.
CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
WERE ADAPTED FOR DRAMATIC EFFECT.
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
[Guilhome] He canceled the operation.
Ibrahim knows. He'll destroy the evidence.
I know. Verena's fucked.
OK.
FEDERAL POLICE
[Verena] Guilhome was right.
I was fucked.
[machine - telephone ring]
[clicks computer mouse]
[phone vibrates]
[Verena] But he hadn't counted on the love
of a father for his daughter.
Hello. Dad?
-[Ibrahim] Alice.
-Did you get in OK?
[Ibrahim] Yes, honey. Sorry if I woke you.
I'll be back Wednesday.
I'll pick you up at ballet.
-I'll be there.
-[Ibrahim] I love you.
I love you very much. Bye.
[Ibrahim] Bye, honey.
[Verena] The sfiha seller suddenly decide
he had a conscience.
[Verena] Fuck him.
[dials telephone number]
[phone rings]
-[Verena] Hey.
-Where are you?
I'm by the car.
I followed Kitano to a club
and I'm still there.
[Guilhome] I have good news.
-I found Ibrahim.
-[Verena] Where?
Brasília, North Wing.
Nobody escapes to Brasília, Guilhome.
He doesn't know about the operation.
OK. Listen,
check every five-star hotel in the area.
-All right.
-[Verena] Call until you find him.
[phone rings]
-Hi, Verena.
-[Verena] Hey, China!
We're back on.
Ibrahim doesn't know about the operation.
Yea, Roberval just canceled it.
-What time is it?
-Just a sec.
Yeah, well, we're back in business.
[Verena] The operation is on again. 6 a.m.
Tear his place apart.
I'm sorry, but he's not on our guest list.
Ah. OK, thanks.
[phone vibrates]
[Verena] Vander! Wake up.
Are you anywhere near JPR's place?
We're back in.
I'm still here, never left.
Perfect. I'm sending you back-up.
You bust in, rip the place apart, OK?
Got it.
[phone rings]
-[Roberval] Verena?
-Roberval.
The operation is back on.
[Roberval] No way. Ibrahim is gone.
Ibrahim's reappeared in some hotel
in Brasília. I'm going to pick him up.
[Roberval] Verena, it's 4 in the morning!
That's not how it works.
We need an official order for the units!
I'm on it. Bye.
[Roberval] Verena, wait!
[Verena whispers] Asshole.
We need three more units.
One to arrest Chebab
and to go after Kitano,
and two more with us.
And where are we going?
[Verena laughs]
Good evening.
Do you have a guest staying with you
named Roberto Ibrahim?
[TV] Our President plans to make changes
to her cabinet. Eyeing the elections,
the idea aims to boost her chances...
[phone rings]
[TV continues in background]
Hello.
[gasps]
[whispers] Bingo!
[telephone - dead tone]
[news on TV] ...on the polls,
sought the local elections
when the government was forecast
to win by a landslide and instead
only just scraped by
with a minority government.
There's no question that this has been
a difficult campaign so far,
but there's always the possibility
of an unexpected turn of events
right before election day
that could swing...
Good evening.
Someone just called my room
and we were cut off.
By any chance,
do you happen to have the number?
Uh-huh.
[TV continues]
Go ahead. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
OK, thank you. Good night.
[exhales loudly]
[phone rings]
[machine] You have reached
Paraná's Federal Police Headquarters.
Press one for--
[news on TV] The President has reportedly
increased the number of donations
to her campaign over the course
of the last two weeks,
and interrupted a wave of support
for the opposition candidate...
["Você me Deve" by Racionais MC's]
[Kitano] Woo!
[Kitano] Nilsinho! A bottle of champagne
on ice, please. My table.
Caipirinha.
IBRAHIM: LINES ARE TAPPED
[phone rings]
[Guilhome] Verena. I found him.
Write it down.
[Guilhome] North Wing, block...
[car accelerates]
[doorbell buzzes]
[knocks on door]
[elevator bell rings]
[door opens]
-[Ibrahim] I'm getting busted.
-What?
By the cops in the morning.
You get to deliver the money
tomorrow on your own.
Fuck the money. The plane is here.
Where would I go? I have a family.
It's cool.
Just deliver the money, all right?
[phone rings]
-Hello.
-I'm gonna be arrested.
Cold draft from the South.
Now, calm down. We'll handle this.
I'll find you a good attorney.
I'm perfectly calm
and I have an attorney.
Just find a way to kill that circus
in Curitiba.
[police sirens]
[loud crash]
[loud dance music playing]
[loud music]
[police] Wilma Kitano?
You are under arrest.
[Kitano moans]
What a strong grip.
[police] Mr. Chebab, out of the vehicle.
You are under arrest.
[tires screech]
I have a warrant.
You can come with us.
[classical music plays]
[classical music plays, Ibrahim sighs]
[knocking on door]
[Ibrahim sighs]
Roberto Ibrahim.
Hey, you're looking pretty good
for your age, Verena.
Are you still single?
This is an arrest warrant.
Come on, guys.
[Ibrahim] Hi.
Good morning.
So where's your buddy?
[Ibrahim] Couldn't make it this time?
Is that wacko still alive?
-Still obsessed?
-[Verena] Shut the fuck up.
OK. Perfect.
Have everything brought in,
we'll take a look at it.
Oh, and that includes the cell phone.
OK, bye.
Verena caught the money launderers
she's been chasing.
Congratulations.
Right. She did very well.
[doorbell rings]
[she sighs]
Julinha, get my purse.
It's in the living room.
Yes, madam.
[phone rings]
The number you have dialed
is currently out of service.
[telephone - dead tone]
[knocking on door]
[loud knocking on door]
[unlocks door]
I'm an attorney. You can't come in here.
Mrs. Stella Maris,
we have a search warrant,
and I need you to accompany us
during the search. Excuse me.
Wait.
[Stella] No, Alice!
-Go back to your room. Go on!
-[Alice] Mom...
We'll take this floor first.
[police] Take it easy, ma'am.
[China] We'll go upstairs after.
What's going on?
Have you arrested Roberto?
Read the warrant, ma'am.
[police] Good morning, Mrs. Samira Rangel?
-[Samira] Yes.
-I'm agent Bastos.
-I have a warrant to search this property.
-[Samira] What?
[Vander] It's a warrant, ma'am,
against your husband, João Pedro Rangel.
How many people in the house?
Me, my husband and my grandson,
who is sleeping over.
[Samira] What are you looking for?
What do you want, for heaven's sake?
If you tell me, maybe I can help.
Calm down.
-[Bastos] What's your name?
-Cibele.
[Bastos] Cibele, can you bring
the boy down here? [Samira] Wait a minute. Why can't I go?
Mrs. Rangel, anybody else in the house?
[Samira] No.
-[Vander] Are you sure?
-Yes.
-[Rangel] What's going on?
-[Samira] Take a look!
-Mr. João Pedro Rangel?
-[Rangel] Yes.
Good morning.
That's a search warrant.
Where's the Evoque?
-[Vander] Is it in the garage?
-Yes, it is.
Can you take us to your car, please, sir?
We need the registration, please.
Come on.
[Vander] Can you come with me,
Mrs. Rangel?
-[Vander] Is there a safe in the house?
-[Samira] No, there isn't.
[Vander] Valuable objects?
Where do you keep them?
Everything we have is out in the open.
So this is it then?
We have nothing to hide.
OK.
Please stay with me.
I don't know what you expect to find.
The car's papers are in order.
If you say so.
Then you won't have any problems.
Nice painting.
It's a photograph.
[he taps the wall]
[cellphone vibrates]
-Hi, Mom.
-Hi. Let me talk to Ricky.
-[Shayenne] What's going on?
-Is he there?
[Shayenne] What's wrong?
-Pass me to him, Shayenne!
-Mom, talk to me!
Why won't you talk to me?
[rock music plays over stereo]
[Shayenne] Did something bad happen?
Tell me!
[Shayenne talks on phone]
[he exhales deeply]
Mom. Calm down. I'm about to hand
the phone to Ricky. Ricky?
Something's going on at my mother's place.
She'll only talk to you.
Take it, Ricky!
-Hi, Samira.
-Ricky, was it a robbery? Ask her.
They police are all over the house.
They're asking about the car.
Calm down, Samira. Calm down.
-Ask her about Paulinho?
-No, Shayenne.
-Is he OK?
-He's fine. Calm down.
-Ask her about my father.
-Hurry over to João Pedro's office.
[knock on door]
[Ricky] Buying a car isn't a crime.
-[Shayenne] What's happening?
-[Ricky] Calm down!
Go to the office and remove everything.
Go now.
-Samira, owning a new car is not a crime!
-Ricky?
[sighs]
[knocks on furniture]
[grunts]
[elevator bell rings]
Forget it. This kind of lock
means we have to break in.
The director of Petrobrasil.
No. We better go get a key.
["Gold" by Chet Faker]
I wouldn't bet on getting an agreement.
Who says I'm gonna need one, dear Verena?
[phone rings]
Hey! Do we have JPR?
Great.
[Verena] Good job. Way to go.
Once we've nailed JPR,
it's goodbye Ibrahim.
This time I'm pretty thrilled to book
you and you do the time you deserve.
Why don't you answer your fucking
phone? Did you hear about Ibrahim?
Fuck me!
I'm telling you, if they come after me,
I'll kill that fucking Lebanese.
Is it all there?
I can't take much more.
[Juliano] There's not much to do now
except wait.
[she sighs]
[woman] Euros, dollars, reais, right?
Who cares?
[rattles keys]
[sighs]
Nice, very nice.
[Bastos] Vander!
Vander! Let's go.
What's going on, Ricky?
I have a right to know the truth.
Nothing's going on.
Nothing you need to worry about.
-Really?
-A little trouble at the office.
Some auditors are demanding access
to your father's paperwork.
Which auditors? What paperwork?
Oh, Shayenne. Listen, we have to go
to your father's office right now.
There's no way I'm going to my father's
office. I'm going to pick up our son.
Listen to me. I can't do this
without you. It's urgent.
What about Paulinho?
I want you to come.
Mr. João Pedro?
I need the keys to your office.
If you please.
You have to come with us.
[Rangel] Why can't the chief come here
to my house? He'll be very welcome.
[Vander] That's not how it works.
How does it work?
What does he want to know?
He just wants to ask you a few questions.
What kind of questions?
It's about the car, right?
Sir, he'll talk to you
down at headquarters.
Pepê, you'll have to calm down.
I'll call Agostini, he'll take care of it.
Right, sir.
If you'll please, get in the car.
It's time we got going.
[motor starts]
[police siren]
[siren beeps]
GATE
Right here.
Shit! What am I looking for?
Ricky, where in hell do I start?
Come on, Shayenne! Hurry it up!
But what do you need?
Everything. Dump whatever
you find in the bag.
That's what I'm doing,
but it doesn't make a lot of sense.
[Ricky] Let's go, honey. Come on.
I even grabbed a bunch of old phone bills.
[Ricky] Great. Throw them in
with everything else.
Hurry!
[he breathes heavily]
Come on.
[Ricky] Let's go.
Call the elevator.
[Ricky] Be careful, honey.
Calm down, Ricky.
Here it goes.
[he gasps]
[elevator bell]
[Ricky] Go.
Mr. Rangel, as Petrobrasil's CEO,
are you aware
there's a money laundering scheme
involving your company and run by...
Roberto Ibrahim, the currency dealer,
with a number of corrupt public officials?
No.
[agent] Are you aware of a pool
of contractors enjoying illegal benefits
in bidding for construction work
at the Antônio & Lima refinery?
No.
Mr. Rangel, have you ever been arrested?
Never.
Is this over?
Well, may I now please go home?
Yes, sir. You may go home.
Whose brilliant idea was it to serve
a warrant on João Pedro Rangel?
-How come I knew nothing about it?
-I didn't know about it either.
[Roberval] Her fucking cell phone
goes straight to voice-mail.
-What's wrong with that woman?
-She's probably flying down here.
The unit got to JPR's office
and there was nothing there.
I couldn't be happier. Serves them right!
It's obvious they'd find nothing.
That's not how things fucking work!
She kept me in the dark about this.
The girl's not right in the head.
Verena's a fucking embarrassment.
I'm telling you,
she can dig her own way out of this.
-Glass of water, Chief?
-[Roberval] Please. No ice.
Excuse me.
[Verena] Leave it there.
There are more boxes coming in.
You can place them on the shelves.
Leave those by the bags, right? Yeah.
That's it.
[Verena] Take those with the other boxes.
Hey. Thanks.
Good afternoon, everyone.
My congratulations.
Three exchange dealers
and considerable capital.
Well done, China. In the end,
everything worked out just fine.
I'm really proud of you. Job well done.
Now I need to have a private word
with Chief Verena.
Thank you.
Shouldn't take long.
[Roberval clears throat]
That means you too, Vander.
-You're not authorized to do this.
-The operation was authorized.
You had João Pedro Rangel questioned
and came up with a fat nothing.
For now, but that will change.
You went behind my back to come up
with a subpoena. I won't forget that.
-You messed up. Oh, yes, you did.
-I didn't mess up.
I'm taking you off the case.
You're just like Ruffo
and you'll end up like he did.
Those boxes?
They're packed with paperwork
we took off the exchange dealers.
It's scary what's in there.
If you wanna take me off the case,
you better get rid of it.
Otherwise it could be
very embarrassing for you.
You don't want to look like
a horse's ass, do you?
Excuse me.
[Ricky] Relax, it's gonna be fine.
They've got nothing on us now.
I have faith in our justice system.
[door locks]
[keys rattle, door unlocks]
Beats your hotel room.
Ibra! So nice to see you.
[door unlocks]
[door closes and locks]
How come didn't they leave a guard
at the office? It doesn't make sense.
We're missing something here
and it's pissing me off.
-They couldn't do both.
-What does that mean?
It was the office or the house.
I went to the suspect's house,
spent the day with JPR
and sent the Rio agents to his office.
How was I supposed to know?
Do you have any idea how much
evidence there was?
-Yes.
-[Verena] No, you don't.
We still have the Evoque.
It will take more.
[Verena] I should have known there
was something wrong with Guilhome.
Every time there was trouble,
he'd take off for the bathroom.
It was like he had a bladder problem.
[phone rings]
Any ideas?
How do I get that son of a bitch, JPR?
Did you take a look
at the office building security cameras?
[Verena] But how could I complain?
Sometimes he was just
too good to be true.
Not only did he organize
Ibrahim's accounting in two days,
he also figured out JPR's case.
How could I have mistrusted
a guy like that?
There.
See? His daughter and son-in-law.
What's JPR's game? What's he hiding?
A few tote bags and a couple of suitcases.
Atta boy!
BASED ON THE BOOK LAVA JATO
BY VLADIMIR NETTO